Improve Sphinx doc 160 (#195)
peopledoc/procrastinate: docs/discussions.rst

reuse parts of your codebase written with the asynchronous interface (say, an async ORM)
and you don't want to have to maintain their equivalent using a synchronous interface.

There's a catch, though. If your :term:`task` is not async-friendly (time consuming,
either CPU intensive or they do synchronous I/O calls), you probably want to avoid

> executing them asynchronously. They will probably not perform worse but it may

Reviewer: ```suggestion
executing your tasks asynchronously. They will probably not perform worse but it may
```
